{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1343\cocoasubrtf160
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0\b\fs24 \cf0 why does he complain about the radio interview? - they are asking the wrong question about the topic (they ask why do you write, he wants us to know why we do something verses something else)
\b0 \
\
The perturbed prose so common to philosophers, critical theorists, and literary critics offers itself up as an easy target, but it\'92s not alone. Many scholars write poorly just to ape their heroes, thinkers whose thought evolved during the tumultuous linguistic turn of the last century.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Second, writing is dangerous for philosophy\'97and for serious scholarly practice in general. It\'92s not because writing breaks from its origins as Plato would have it, but because writing is 
\i \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
only one form 
\i0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
of being. The long-standing assumption that we relate to the world only through language is a particularly fetid, if still bafflingly popular, opinion 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\

\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
When we spend all of our time reading and writing words\'97or plotting to do so\'97we miss opportunities to visit the great outdoors. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural

\f0 \cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \
\

\b what does he mean by carpentry? 
\b0 \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240

\f1\fs26 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
In the context of alien phenomenology, \'93carpentry\'94 borrows from two sources. First, it extends the ordinary sense of woodcraft to any material whatsoever\'97to do carpentry is to make anything, but to make it in earnest, with one\'92s own hands, like a cabinetmaker. Second, it folds into this act of construction Graham Harman\'92s phil- osophical sense of \'93the carpentry of things,\'94 an idea Harman bor- rowed in turn from Alphonso Lingis. Both Lingis and Harman use that phrase to refer to how things fashion one another and the world at large.
\fs16 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up8 14 
\fs26 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 Blending these two notions, carpentry entails mak- ing things that explain how things make their world. Like scientific experiments and engineering prototypes, the stuffs produced by car- pentry are not mere accidents, waypoints on the way to something else. Instead, they are themselves earnest entries into philosophical discourse. 
\fs24 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\
}